Update repository instructions (#2155)
matrix-org/matrix.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

Signed-off-by: Your Name <your@email.example.org>
```

> Git allows you to add this signoff automatically when using the `-s` flag to `git commit`, which uses the name and email set in your `user.name` and `user.email` git configs.

Author: Do we need signoff for contributions to the matrix.org website?

Reviewer: Iirc this was added before and is already on Main. So I argue yes 😅

## What we are trying to achieve

> The Matrix Foundation is in charge of various activities revolving around Matrix. One of the most important activities to make Matrix a mainstream protocol is lowering the barrier to entry for the general public. The Matrix.org website is a critical step of the onboarding: this is what people will stumble upon when they look up “what is Matrix chat” or “chatting on Matrix” in a search engine.

Author: ```suggestion
One key mission of the Foundation is to make Matrix a mainstream protocol. For this, onboarding needs to be made easy for new users. The Matrix.org website is a critical step in this journey: this is where people land when they look up “what is Matrix chat” or “chatting on Matrix” in a search engine.
```
